proposed compatability note (#110)
Intralogistics-2X-LIF/Layout-Interchange-Format: LIF.md

The LIF does not define by what means or at which points in time it is to be communicated between involved parties.

### 5.3.1 Compatibility with Different VDA 5050 Versions

> LIF 2.0 was released in the context of VDA 5050 3.0, and several changes to LIF 2.0 were done to match updated terminology in VDA 5050 3.0. While there is no explicit provision to guarantee backwards or forwards compatibility between versions of the two sister standards, effort was taken in LIF 2.0 to still support VDA 5050 2.1. Some descriptions of fields below have a note about what changes may be made to allow compatibility between LIF 2.0 and VDA 5050 2.1.

Reviewer: Proposal:

```suggestion
LIF 2.0 was released in the context of VDA 5050 3.0, and several changes to LIF 2.0 were done to match updated terminology in VDA 5050 3.0. While there is no explicit provision to guarantee backwards or forwards compatibility between any given version of the LIF and any given version of VDA 5050, effort was taken in LIF 2.0 to remain usable with mobile robots operated via VDA 5050 2.1. 

Where applicable, the field descriptions below contain a not about what changes may be made to allow compatibility between LIF 2.0 and VDA 5050 2.1.
```
